# HotMeals
- Is an online platform for the hungry.
- It provides the location of the nearest food banks and participating restaurants.
- It was given the "Best Civic Hack" by the City of LA at LA Hacks 2017 held in Pauley Pavillion, UCLA.

# Background
- Coming from the Bay Area, our team was saddened by the state of homelessness and food insecurity in San Francisco. In a city that's evidently prosperous and technologically advanced, and one that spends hundreds of millions in government programs and welfare, it is a disgrace that thousands of people are still desperately dependent on food stamps or worse, living on the streets. We're also aware that homelessness and food insecurity aren't exclusive to the poorest of the poor, especially in an expensive city. Often, the needy have access to smart phones and public computers, but are still relying on ancient technology to avail themselves of welfare programs. Thus, we made it our goal to utilize the Bay Area's most prominent industry, tech, to help address it's (or what should be) most pressing issue.

- With HotMeals, the homeless and the desperately hungry no longer have to go door to door to look for readily available sustenance, and would be able to find a cheap or free meal instantly. Our idea is to coordinate with local food banks, participating restaurants and welfare organizations so we can provide updated information on where, and how much food is available. With this, the needy will be a little less unsure about their future. This information is provided on a platform accessible by anyone with internet-connect smart phones or computers. In a city littered with public computers, this can be a very useful tool. With food being less of a concern, we're giving the needy the ability to put more work on other matters towards improving their situations (e.g. looking for a place to stay, employment, etc...)
